(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
Everything okay, Dad?
So far.
But with all
the recent attacks
from the Outlanders,
any unexpected sight
or sound has us spooked.
(WATER BUBBLING)
Everyone, out
of the water! Now!
(ALL GRUNTING)
Twende Kiboko!
Beshte? Beshte!
It's okay, Dad.
(LAUGHS)
It's just little Kiazi!
(SIGHS WITH RELIEF)
Basi? Beshte?
Everything okay?
Uh... (CHUCKLES)
Sorry, Lion Guard.
That was my fault.
There's no real danger.
Oh, that's okay.
Everyone in the Pride Lands
has been on edge lately...
(GRASS RUSTLING)
Lion Guard!
Something in the grass.
(BOTH HUMMING)
Uncle Timon?
Uncle Pumbaa?
Oh, hey, kids! Uh...
What are you doin' here?
Pumbaa!
No time for chitchat.
We're on the trail
of a slug-fest.
Remember?
Oh, right.
Later, kids!
(BOTH HUMMING)
Lion Guard! Lion Guard!
Makini? What's wrong?
Wrong? Why would
anything be wrong?
Hmm. It's gonna be
one of those days.
I just wanted
to invite you all
to my Mpando mpya!
Empanada, what?
Mpando mpya!
It's the planting
of a new baobab tree
in Mizimu Grove!
Yes! Every baobab tree
in Mizimu Grove
was planted
by a Royal Mjuzi while
they were in training.
And tonight
I get to plant mine!
Poa!
Congratulations, Makini.
Indeed! An mpando mpya
doesn't happen very often!
Sure doesn't.
I remember my dad
telling me about Rafiki's.
Ooh! Basi! You and your pod
are welcome to come too!
We'd love to.
I'm sure it would lift
the whole pod's spirits.
Actually, it sounds like
a chance to lift
everyone's spirits!
Kion?
We should invite everyone
to Makini's mpando mpya!
You really think everyone's
gonna want to watch
Makini plant a tree?
If we turn it into
a big event they will.
Hang on!
(BOTH HUMMING)
Timon! Pumbaa!
I have a favor to ask.
Not now, kid.
Kind of busy here.
It's about you two putting on
a show at Mizimu Grove.
A show?
Well, why
didn't you say so
in the first place!
It's for Makini's mpando mpya.
I think if we turn it
into a big event,
it might cheer everyone up.
Maybe you two could
start it off with a song?
Ooh! That sounds like fun!
You said it, Pumbaa!
Nothin' like a song and dance
to liven things up!
Then you'll do it?
Of course we will!
Ooh! This is going
to be so amazing!
Thank you,
thank you, thank you!
Spread the word, kids!
Nobody's gonna want
to miss a show like this!
(SCOFFS) Sounds like
something Scar won't
want to miss, either.
An mpando mpya.
(LAUGHS)
Even I've never been to one.
At least, not yet.
And the Lion Guard
is personally inviting animals
from all over
the Pride Lands!
Hmm. So.
Lots of Pride Landers
gathered in one place
at the Lion Guard's request.
Surely they won't object
to a few uninvited guests.
And one very special guest!
(LAUGHS!)
Hello, Pride Landers!
And welcome
to Makini's mpando mpya!
(ALL CHEER)
As you know,
every tree in Mizimu Grove
has been planted
by a Royal Mjuzi.
In fact, the tree I planted
is right over there!
It is much bigger now!
(LAUGHS)
Today the Circle
of Life continues,
as Makini plants
her baobab tree.
And, to help us
celebrate this occasion,
two very dear friends of mine
have agreed to perform a song.
And so, without further ado,
please welcome
Timon and Pumbaa!
(ALL CHEER)
♪ When the savannah
seems set against you
♪ And things
all around go wrong
♪ Don't be feeling
scared and lonely
♪ Instead
hold on to this song!
♪ Things will get better
when we work together
BOTH:
♪ Things will get better
when we work together
♪ Tujiinue
♪ Is all you got to say
♪ When things
don't go your way
♪ We'll lift ourselves
up today
♪ So look at all
the friends around you
♪ You know
they're on your side
♪ So when we all
stand united
♪ We'll sing this song
with pride!
♪ Things will get better
when we work together
BOTH:
♪ Things will get better
when we work together
♪ Tujiinue
♪ Is all you got to say
♪ When things
don't go your way
♪ We'll lift ourselves
up today
Let's lift ourselves up!
♪ Spirits so high
♪ We can touch the sky!
(WHOOPING)
♪ Tujiinue
♪ Is all you got to say ♪
Okay. We all know the plan.
Crocs on the left,
jackals on the right,
hyenas up the middle.
Drive 'em towards
that big rock
at the other end.
(LAUGHS) This'll be
a show they'll never forget!
Right. Now let's go!
(SONG ENDS)
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
Hyenas!
Heya, Lion Guard.
Hope we aren't interrupting.
(LAUGHING)
It's more than just hyenas!
We've got crocs
and jackals, too!
Fuli, Ono, crocs!
Beshte, Bunga, jackals!
I'll take the hyenas!
What about them?
This is what
we trained for, everyone.
Just tell us where
you need us, Kion.
All of us.
Hippos with Beshte.
Galagos and antelopes
with Fuli and Ono.
Elephants, help Bunga
protect the rest
of the herds.
Dad, we'll
take the hyenas.
Mtoto, find
a place to hide.
We'll fight
for what's right!
ALL: Pride Landers Unite!
Timon, what do we do?
Only one thing to do,
Pumbaa. Keep singing!
Oh, right!
The show must go on!
♪ Tujiinue
♪ Is all you got to say
Go back to
the Outlands, Janja!
(GROANS)
You kiddin'?
And miss the big show?
(GRUNTS)
(WHIMPERING, SCREAMING)
Going somewhere?
Uh, yeah! This way!
Cheezi! Wait for me!
(ZEBRAS NEIGH)
(GROWLING)
(SCREAMS)
Let go, ya pesky varmint!
(STRAINING EFFORT) Okay!
(GROANS)
That's what you get
for spoiling my big night!
(LAUGHS)
Well done, Makini.
Rafiki, look out!
Get outta here, jackal!
(TRUMPETS)
I do say! I've never
seen a trunk do that!
(HISSING)
Watch out, Fuli!
(BATTLE CRY)
Oh, Kion, look!
Heyvi kabisa!
Beshte, fire!
Got it, Kion!
Hippos with me!
♪ We'll lift ourselves
up today
Stage lights!
Why didn't we think of that?
♪ Tujiinue
♪ When things
don't go your way ♪
There we go!
Poa! Great work, Dad!
(WHIMPERS)
Kion.
Look around, Janja!
You're losing!
Oh, yeah?
(FIRE BLAZES)
Oh, no! Rafiki, your tree!
(LAUGHS)
(BOTH YELP)
(WHIMPERS)
Is that...
How could it be?
Scar.
That's right, Simba!
You never thought
you'd see me again,
did you? (LAUGHS)
What do you want?
What do I want?
Ah, Simba, Simba.
Always so naive.
First, we took Kilio Valley.
Then we wrecked Big Springs.
And now your precious
Mizimu Grove is doomed!
It's only a matter of time
before all of the Pride Lands
is mine!
(LAUGHS)
No. Not this time.
What do we do?
Panic and run!
(ZEBRAS NEIGH)
The zebra's right!
Let's get out of here!
(LAUGHS)
(ALL PANIC)
Wait for me!
Elephants, stop!
(ELEPHANTS TRUMPET)
Come on, everyone!
Lion Guard,
go calm the herds!
I'll take care
of the Outlanders.
You got it, Kion.
'Til the Pride Lands' end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
(SCOFFS)
They've all run away!
Mizimu Grove is ours!
I don't think so!
Now that everyone's gone,
I can do this!
(ROARS)
Well done, Kion.
Thanks, Dad. Now to make sure
all the fires are out.
SIMBA:
It looks like the damage
has already been done.
Simba. We need to talk.
Yes. I know.
Ma Tembo and I
can handle the fires, Kion.
Go help the rest
of the Guard
calm the herds.
(CRYING)
Makini? Are you okay?
Yes, but the whole grove
is ruined!
Shwari, Makini. Be calm.
Yes, Rafiki. Shwari.
Uh, doesn't anyone
wanna see the big finish?
Ono, you see them?
Affirmative!
Most of them
are straight ahead.
But the zebras
are veering left.
(GASPS) Hapana!
And the antelope
are running right
toward Poromoko Crevasse!
That's not good!
Beshte! Stop the hippos!
You got it.
Ono, calm the elephants!
On it.
Bunga! Zebras!
I'll go after
the antelopes.
Zuka Zama!
Huwezi!
Bupu! You have to stop!
I don't take orders from you!
Take her orders!
You're about
to run off a cliff!
BUPU AND LAINI:
We are?
Everyone! Please! Stop, now!
(GRUNTING)
(SCREAMS)
(GASPS) Fuli?
Fuli?
(GRUNTS) I'm fine.
Just glad
I remembered
to say "please."
(PANTING)
BESHTE: Dad, you can stop now!
Huh? Okay, Beshte!
If you say so.
(ALL PANTING)
Thanks, son.
I was getting tired.
Everyone! Everyone!
Why are you running?
Nobody's chasing you!
Oh. How embarrassing.
(TRUMPETS) Everyone, stop!
(GRUNTS)
Did you say, "Stop"?
Zuka Zama!
Whoa, zebra-deebras!
You don't have to run anymore!
We don't? Why not?
Uh, 'cause you
won the race.
We did? Well,
did you hear that?
We won!
(CHUCKLES)
I always knew we would.
Here comes Fuli
with the antelopes
and galagos.
Lion Guard? How'd it go?
Looks like everybody's okay!
Okay? No, we're not okay!
Was that really
Scar in the flames?
How is that even possible?
Well, it's kind of
hard to explain.
Kind of impossible!
Is Scar behind
all the Outlanders' attacks?
And the fires?
Is that why you
asked us all
to defend the Pride Lands?
Why we trained together?
I...
What'll we do
without Mizimu Grove?
What if our
grazing ground is next?
Kion. Most importantly,
why didn't you tell us
Scar was back?
I...
Because he was
following my orders.
(ALL GASP)
I asked the Lion Guard
to keep Scar's return
a secret.
(ALL GASP)
I was afraid if you
knew about Scar,
you would all panic.
He was right
about that.
I've already told the King
I don't agree
with his decision.
But I understand his reasons.
He was afraid
we wouldn't feel safe
in the Pride Lands.
And that we'd want to leave.
Of course
we'd want to leave!
Why wouldn't we?
It is my duty to protect
all Pride Landers.
I cannot do that if you
are not in the Pride Lands.
As leader of the hippos,
it is my duty
to protect my pod,
whether that's
in the Pride Lands
or somewhere else.
Somewhere else?
You're right, Basi.
I never want
to lose a Pride Lander.
But I will always respect
your decision.
Including the decision
to leave.
This is something
every herd must decide
for themselves.
And you'll need time.
Come to Pride Rock
tomorrow morning.
You can tell me
your decision then.
There's nothing to discuss.
I want to hear
from each of you.
Who thinks
we should stay?
What do you think
they're talkin' about?
What should we do, Kion?
Nothing else we can do.
It's up to the herds now.
Everyone,
go get some rest.
I'll see you
at Pride Rock in the morning.
So much destruction...
Grandfather Mufasa?
Yes, Kion, I'm here.
Grandfather, I'm worried.
Things have been bad
since Scar returned.
But I never thought
it would be so bad
that the Pride Landers
would want to leave.
I know they just want
to protect their herds,
but I want
to protect them, too.
I guess I feel
like I failed.
Your ability to understand
the Pride Landers,
even when it's difficult,
makes you a good leader.
But I can't lead them
if they aren't here.
What am I supposed to do now?
Even on the darkest day,
Kion, you can find hope.
Thank you, Grandfather.
What's that?
Heyvi kabisa!
I don't believe it.
I trust you've all
made your decisions?
(ZEBRAS NEIGH)
(GRUNTING)
The hippos have
reached a decision.
Dad?
It looks like...
KION: Pride Landers! Wait!
Kion?
Everyone, please.
If you decide to leave,
I understand.
But before you do,
there's something
I'd like to show you.
Here.
(GASPS)
Oh!
Makini's tiny sapling
survived the attack
on Mizimu Grove.
And if it survived here,
there's no reason
we all can't.
If we stay together,
we'll be stronger.
Yes, Scar has returned.
And I know you're scared.
But the last time
Scar was around,
there wasn't a Lion Guard.
There is now.
And we're here to protect you.
Even on the darkest day,
there's hope.
Kion's right.
We're stronger
if we stay together.
We do have hope.
The hippos
are here to stay.
Poa.
So are the elephants!
(TRUMPETS)
Giraffes too!
As are the zebras.
And the aardvarks.
Count the galagos in!
(SIGHS) The antelopes
will be staying as well.
I'm happy to hear that.
Uh, what do we do now?
What else, honey badger?
We have Makini's Mpando mpya!
Ooh, can we? Right now?
I can't think
of a better way
to celebrate this moment.
(ALL CHEER)
Too bad Timon
and Pumbaa aren't here
to sing their song.
They're still
at Hakuna Matata Falls.
Somethin' about needin'
beauty rest?
I think I can
help you out there.
♪ Tujiinue
♪ Is all you've gotta say
♪ We'll lift ourselves
up today ♪
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
♪ Look out
Here comes the Lion Guard ♪